alright we're back with an update just a
couple of things I wanted to show I got
a new case wasn't really a big fan of
the last one it was very basic as i said
before now i have the easel case so just
kind of show you how that works out it's
basically normal-looking case as you can
see but there's a couple other pieces to
it here and if i can do it very
carefully it's going to put the camera
down from one second here
you can see now it is an easel so
basically set it up and it's magnetic so
to stay that way it's fairly sturdy
actually works very very well so the
other thing I wanted to show you very
quickly is I've done another overclock
which now it says stock voltage so it's
not under bolted as it was before its
stock voltage but that's running that's
one gigahertz and runs it very very well
actually so very very stable its stock
voltage and hopefully going to be moving
towards one point one gigahertz very
shortly i'm going to upload a colonel
and see what I get so let's go ahead and
fire this on and i'll type in my
password here and you'll see i'm on my
home page and the auto orientation as
you can see works very very well and
it's gonna pick it up perfect great so
that's the home screen still running the
same home screen and the orientation i
was just changed based on the way that i
have it it's going to click here it's
very very snappy now it's definitely a
lot quicker as far as the way things
move so let me go down here and i just
want to show you in setcpu that it's now
running at up to one gig arts max and as
you can see the min is 300 so it's
basically using a throttling system or a
scaling system on demand which is the
best as far as battery life you can also
set it to performance which will
permanently run it at 1000 or 1
gigahertz and that will definitely help
with performance but it also drains your
battery or a lot quicker so depends on
what you're after I suppose so very very
well as far as performance goes and also
just overall stability I haven't had any
issues no loop booting nothing so it's
been very very good love it so far so
check back soon and hopefully we're
going to be running in one point 1
gigahertz range
and as far as I can tell there
definitely is some some big big
performance issues you know with with
the stock in comparison to slightly
bumped up as far as the megahertz and
also the l3 cache which is going to make
a big big difference in performance as
far as videos concerned HD video
especially H dot 264 that sort of thing
so for movies it's definitely a lot more
stable thing a lot better now and as far
as the future I think it's only going to
get brighter I mean this is very very
new stuff but right now it absolutely
creams what a galaxy tab can do as far
as overall performance of the tablet
itself so very very impressed for $249
you cannot go wrong so check back soon
thanks guys cheers